Update Security component documentation for v4 (#326)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: api/v4/security/mtls.md

    }

    [Authorize(CertificateAuthorizationPolicies.SameSpace)]
    [HttpGet("[action]")]
    public string SameSpaceCheck()
    {
        return "Certificate is valid and both client and server are in the same space";
    }
}
```

In the preceding example, when an incoming request is made to the `SameOrgCheck` endpoint, the request is evaluated for the presence of a certificate. If a certificate is not present, the request is rejected. If a certificate is present, the subject is evaluated for the presence of an `org` value, which is then compared with the `org` value in the certificate found on disk where the service is deployed. If the values do not match, the request is rejected. The same process is applied for `SameSpaceCheck`, with the only difference being a check for the `space` value instead of the `org` value.

>This step is only required on services that are receiving certificate-authorized requests

### Communicating with Secured Services

In order to use app instance identity certificates in a client application, services need to be configured, but nothing needs to be activated in the ASP.NET Core request pipeline.

#### IHttpClientFactory integration

> For applications that are only using identity certificates to make requests, Steeltoe provides a smooth experience through an `IHttpClientBuilder` extension method named `AddAppInstanceIdentityCertificate`. This extension invokes code that handles loading certificates from paths defined in the application's configuration, monitors those file paths and their content for changes and attaches the certificate to all outbound requests using a named `HttpClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For applications that need to send identity certificates in outgoing requests, Steeltoe provides a smooth experience through an `IHttpClientBuilder` extension method named `AddAppInstanceIdentityCertificate`. This method invokes code that handles loading certificates from paths defined in the application's configuration, monitors those file paths and their content for changes, and attaches the certificate to all outbound requests using a named `HttpClient`.
```

> For applications that are only using identity certificates to make requests, Steeltoe provides a smooth experience through an `IHttpClientBuilder` extension method named `AddAppInstanceIdentityCertificate`. This extension invokes code that handles loading certificates from paths defined in the application's configuration, monitors those file paths and their content for changes and attaches the certificate to all outbound requests using a named `HttpClient`.

Reviewer: I think it would help users in debugging to mention the name of the HTTP header being added.

>If needed, see the Microsoft documentation on [IHttpClientFactory documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/fundamentals/http-requests)

```csharp

> builder.Services.AddHttpClient("AppInstanceIdentity", SetBaseAddress).AddAppInstanceIdentityCertificate();

Reviewer: The `SetBaseAddress` raises questions for those unfamiliar with the sample. Where does it come from and what is it: a method, a constant?

#### Adding and using services

Several steps need to happen before certificate authorization policies can be used to secure resources:

1. Configuration values need to be bound into named `CertificateOptions`
1. Certificate files need to be monitored for changes (to stay up to date when certificates are rotated)
1. Certificate forwarding needs to be configured (so that ASP.NET reads the certificate out of an HTTP Header)
1. Authentication services need to be added
1. Authorization services and policies need to be added
1. Middleware need to be activated

Fortunately, all of the requirements can be satisfied with a handful of extension methods:

```csharp
using Steeltoe.Security.Authorization.Certificate;

// Register Microsoft's Certificate Authentication library
builder.Services
    .AddAuthentication(CertificateAuthenticationDefaults.AuthenticationScheme)
    .AddCertificate();

// Register Microsoft authorization services
builder.Services.AddAuthorizationBuilder()
    // Register Steeltoe components and policies requiring space or org to match between client and server certificates
    .AddOrgAndSpacePolicies();
```

> [!TIP]

> > Steeltoe configures the certificate forwarding middleware to look for a certificate in the `X-Client-Cert` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Steeltoe configures the certificate forwarding middleware to look for a certificate in the `X-Client-Cert` HTTP header.
```

As implied by the name of the extension method `AddOrgAndSpacePolicies` from the previous section on this page, Steeltoe provides policies for validating that a request came from an application in the same org or the same space. You can secure endpoints by using the standard ASP.NET Core `Authorize` attribute with one of these security policies.

> [!TIP]
> If needed, see the Microsoft documentation on [authorization in ASP.NET Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/security/authorization/introduction) for a better understanding of how to use these attributes.

The following example shows a controller using the security attributes with the included policies:

```csharp
[Route("api")]
public class HomeController : ControllerBase
{
    [Authorize(CertificateAuthorizationPolicies.SameOrganization)]
    [HttpGet("[action]")]
    public string SameOrgCheck()
    {
        return "Certificate is valid and both client and server are in the same org";
    }

    [Authorize(CertificateAuthorizationPolicies.SameSpace)]
    [HttpGet("[action]")]
    public string SameSpaceCheck()
    {
        return "Certificate is valid and both client and server are in the same space";
    }

>     [Authorize("sameOrgAndSpace")]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Authorize(CertificateAuthorizationPolicies.SameOrganization)]
    [Authorize(CertificateAuthorizationPolicies.SameSpace)]
```

As described [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authorization/roles?view=aspnetcore-8.0), multiple attributes are AND-en, whereas the policies in a comma-separated list inside a single attribute are OR-ed.  I haven't actually tested this, but not using magic strings looks a bit cleaner to me.

Author: This is referring to the policy that is defined about 30 lines up in this file, which has both `SameSpace` and `SameOrg` requirements applied, it will not work the same as a comma-separated list of roles does in the documentation page you linked. I think that ultimately it would be fine either way, but the way it is now is consistent with the MSFT docs and has the benefit of showing the application of a policy we are defining on this page

    [HttpGet("[action]")]
    public string SameOrgAndSpaceCheck()
    {
        return "Certificate is valid and both client and server are in the same org and space";
    }
}
```

In the preceding example, when an incoming request is made to the `SameOrgCheck` endpoint, the request is evaluated for the presence of a certificate. If a certificate is not present, the user is denied access. If a certificate is present, its subject is evaluated for the presence of an `org` value, which is then compared with the `org` value in the certificate found on disk where the service is deployed. If the values do not match, the user is denied access. The same process is applied for `SameSpaceCheck`, with the only difference being a check for the `space` value instead of the `org` value.

> [!NOTE]
> This step is only required on applications that are receiving certificate-authorized requests.

### Communicating with Secured Services

In order to use app instance identity certificates in a client application, services need to be configured, but nothing needs to be activated in the ASP.NET Core request pipeline.

#### IHttpClientFactory integration

> For applications that need to send identity certificates in outgoing requests, Steeltoe provides a smooth experience through an `IHttpClientBuilder` extension method named `AddAppInstanceIdentityCertificate`. This method invokes code that handles loading certificates from paths defined in the application's configuration, monitors those file paths and their content for changes, and places the certificate in a header named `X-Client-Cert` on all outbound requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For applications that need to send identity certificates in outgoing requests, Steeltoe provides a smooth experience through an `IHttpClientBuilder` extension method named `AddAppInstanceIdentityCertificate`. This method invokes code that handles loading certificates from paths defined in the application's configuration, monitors those file paths and their content for changes, and places the certificate in an HTTP header named `X-Client-Cert` on all outbound requests.
```
